README.md, before:

# holbertonschool-shell
This repository is was created with education purpose. The content of the directory is based on shell command and a brief explanation. 

### Table of Content
1. Basic = contains a script of a basic shell command (more information in the README.md inside the folder).
2. Shell permissions = contains scripts that changes the owner, group of file permissions. 

#### Resources:
This resouces are from the folder basics.

[What Is "The Shell"?](http://linuxcommand.org/lc3_lts0010.php)

[Navigation](https://intranet.hbtn.io/rltoken/fMDkg3TKjANJSPTROMQSpA)

[Looking Around](http://linuxcommand.org/lc3_lts0030.php)

[Manipulating Files](http://linuxcommand.org/lc3_lts0050.php)

[Pushing commits to a remote repository](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-git/pushing-commits-to-a-remote-repository)


This resources are from the folder permissions.

[How to change the owner of a file](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E19683-01/816-4883/6mb2joat2/index.html)

[Manage file permissiones on Unix-like systems](https://kb.iu.edu/d/abdb#change)

[Changing file ownership](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E19683-01/816-4883/6mb2joat0/index.html)

Lizbeth Garcia Lebron (Creator) 

Proyects from the week September 21, 2022 - September 23, 2022.

Commit message:

Completing README
Adding brief information on the table of content, adding resources used for completing the tasks.

README.md, after:

# holbertonschool-shell
This repository is was created with education purpose. The content of the directory is based on shell command and a brief explanation. 

### Table of Content
1. Basic = contains a script of a basic shell command (more information in the README.md inside the folder).
2. Shell permissions = contains scripts that changes the owner, group of file permissions.
3. I/O Redirections and filters = accomplished using a redirection operator which allows the user to specify the input or output data be redirected to (or from) a file.
4. Init files, variables and expansions:

    (Expansion) each time we type a command line and press the enter key, bash perfoms several processes upon the text before it carries out our command.
  
    (Varible) is a variable that is available only to the current shell. In contrast, an enciorment variable is available system wide and can be used by other aplication on the system.
  
    (Init files) A shell initialization file is a shell script that runs automatically each time the shell executes. The initialization file sets up the "work enviorment" and "customizes" the shell enviorment for the user.

#### Resources:
This resouces are from the folder basics.

[What Is "The Shell"?](http://linuxcommand.org/lc3_lts0010.php)

[Navigation](https://intranet.hbtn.io/rltoken/fMDkg3TKjANJSPTROMQSpA)

[Looking Around](http://linuxcommand.org/lc3_lts0030.php)

[Manipulating Files](http://linuxcommand.org/lc3_lts0050.php)

[Pushing commits to a remote repository](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-git/pushing-commits-to-a-remote-repository)


This resources are from the folder permissions.

[How to change the owner of a file](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E19683-01/816-4883/6mb2joat2/index.html)

[Manage file permissiones on Unix-like systems](https://kb.iu.edu/d/abdb#change)

[Changing file ownership](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E19683-01/816-4883/6mb2joat0/index.html)

Lizbeth Garcia Lebron (Creator) 

Proyects from the week September 20, 2022 - September 23, 2022 (BASIC)
Proyects from the week September 26, 2022 - September 30, 2022 (Shell permissions, I/O Redirections and filters, Init files variables and expansions)
